Now, welcome to this, which is
factor comic this is going to be a review of
superior ironman is would be number one
this is the variant cover by which
I decided good honor I decided I
I wanted the original cover because that
are serious that if I want to continue
irregularly with the series that I
I want to continue so I bought the cover
regular but in this case I could not
find it made me quite weird had
a lot of rosé covers
there was one of this white cover that the
I really liked myself at the beginning
I thought that this was the regular one but
then I realized that no and then
the regular I have not managed to find and
Well, yes, he came to find it not because
buy it because I would not like it
buy twice this same comic
crazy or 26 pesos is a simple comic
and because this comic is set
after the events of axis an event
that has not been published here in mexico
this axis event goes before tamberos
aut and obviously before secret wars
but good to televisa is worth a cucumber
and did not publish it, he preferred to publish spider
bears because I think I was going potty without
logo and backs and if it was axis and spider
bears more or less at the same time the
I really do not know how all that is
where the times because then televisa
here you already have me very very confused
because in this comic book a
or urge a bit different because now
have different mental patterns or
it is more egocentric it is more more
you could get to say and all this for
red skull fault that got the
powers onslaught and changed the patterns
mentals of several of the avengers that
they were in that final battle but they
they managed to recover and the only one
apparently has not shown signs of
recovery but of worsening is
tony stark and they are shown to me
cause me a little bit of work to understand
well the situation of the comic as was
advancing already I could go understanding a
little bit more what's up with this here I think
that had an error televises an error of
page as you can see I think this was
a double page, this one must have gone
here and this to live here so that
we could appreciate the drawing well but
well I do not know if it was a television error or
it was error from beyond the USA
directly but good in you then
as I say here for some patterns
different minds move san
francisco and 'san francisco' beats in
plan to make the perfect city do
the city of tomorrow make the city
so that everyone always dream
and so for this starting with the
extremis
the substance the truth I do not know very well
what use is being given in the
comic because if I know what was
driving in the comic this I knew
because I also think that hold uses the
extremis to be controlled so
because they have appear several utilities
but within this number or within
San Francisco is used to make a
all the perfect people to all the
physically perfect people but
good they are still the same way
mentally and all this but physically
makes them perfect as well as here
see this girl is shown to us that after
good as they go forward will be given
he tells that he goes with the girl but hey
in itself as the owner of san returns
francisco and give him the extremism or
let everyone be praised by the whole world
he loves him because he has done them
perfect but we see that all that has
a plan back we can also see that
As you already know about the debut, he also moved
san francisco but he's already been a bit
more time there and then it has become
the guard of san francisco because of
different legal problems he had in
house quiche more than anything because it no longer
can practice the profession of lawyer in
New York then decided to move to
other
place and well it seemed good to him
francisco then we see that apparently
have debut then not
it's not going well with this
ironman's idea of making everyone perfect
because all these people that can not be
perfect for example the vagabonds
is going to be attacked by all these
rich people or all these people that already
feels physically perfect but we see
that all this has a plan back by
part of enlarge as I tell you then
it is not the ironman that everyone
knew the brother who was going
changing that he had already left alcohol
that was already a norm then you can
say that a little bit better now
is an ironman who looked for his own
well how can you see this one of it
girl who had shown them
previously they are here back
this one here but extremis to him
was removed and this was not because
no villain but by the same
iron man that was just a test
free and that has finished and that works
if they want to be perfect again
they will have to pay 100 dollars
daily then for the truth if
It is very canyon and it is going
pretty good is this first number me
I liked the story that we liked
presents I want to see the showdown
within the debut and superior iron have
listened to good reviews about this
first arch more than anything in the with the
hangman appearance since he has been a
good bow I think this is what I 've
managed to listen and what I have achieved
so researching about venues makes me
quite interesting and that's why it's
mainly that I want to continue this
series I'm going to see how the
first bow and see if I can
continue to follow plus I think
yes it could become somewhat
important within time from south
because there are some scenes that I could not
find in any comic that is published
here in Mexico and I think they are part of
superior to granma this is spoken to us in
a number out there of years level that
iron man is captured but it does not come out
as only a small flashback comes out
that he has a poster yes
with this same armor but western and
Well, I want to see what is happening now
see if in this comic you can find it
and well, this would be practically
everything I have to say about
this number
I liked it if I recommend them if they want
read something ironman because this can be
a good time is already a little drawn
but still the story is made to me
interesting me personally if I go
to follow so if this would be all
for my part I hope you liked it
give it like subscribe leave here below
in the comments that yes they
it seemed that you led if you
they will follow this series if they do not go
to follow if they already followed within
why are they and so, if this
it would be all on my part until then